ROX-16283: Reorganize Cloud install docs (#59525)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/verify-installation-cloud-ocp.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
After installing {product-title-managed-short}, you can perform some steps to verify that the installation was successful.

> To verify installation, access your ACS Console from the {cloud-console}. The Dashboard will display the number of clusters that {product-title-managed-short} is monitoring, along with information about nodes, deployments, images, and violations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify installation, access your ACS Console from the {cloud-console}. The Dashboard displays the number of clusters that {product-title-managed-short} is monitoring, along with information about nodes, deployments, images, and violations.
```

Author: Made the first change. No article is needed for "information about nodes..." because it refers to _some_ of the available total information about nodes, deployments, images, and violations (not _all_ information).

If no data appears in the ACS Console:

> * Ensure that at least one secured cluster is connected to your {product-title-managed-short} instance. For more information, see the "Installing secured cluster resources on each cluster" section.

Reviewer: Are we missing an xref over here?
